hey there guys black bumper here and
welcome back to the crew the Big D the D
whatever you wanna call it the Mercedes
300sl um Baba Buddha we're gonna be
customizing it today well we're not
gonna be making it not street stock
anymore we're gonna put its circuit kit
on it that's basically what we're gonna
do so let's welcome out on Mir see how
we do please put a big wig on it because
remember if you like it should've put a
wing on it and they fucking didn't tell
you that front you know what no so
there's no big wing on this thing at all
look at that Ford GT looking fierce in
the background but bad exhaust oh my god
what is that and it's got like a little
bit of glass at the front blocking the
intake what so other than that they'll
be they basically ruined it they've put
lines of the front they've blocked out
the the intake of the front and they've
put some weird thing on the exhaust with
logs pretty cool a gotta say but like
remove the top of the car if you're
going to put the little shield what are
you what so they've changed the interior
somewhat as well you can see that it's
more maroon and brown and woody woody
and what we're gonna do and see this
thing launches just like it's brother
here we go oh my lord it launches
quicker it wants to kill me multiple
times okay now to see if this thing
turns right
uh okay this is this is really weird
it's really really loose let me let me
increase the force feedback because that
is not right at all let's see if that
makes it a lot better so it's a little
bit I've actually got a bit of weight in
it now we're in sport so we should get a
little bit of responsiveness but a
little bit of slide as well and it's now
it's really light like you don't have to
be very aggressive with it let's see
what it's like on a sharper corner come
on actually turn on this steer on this
there that is awful oh my god what is
this so again we've got a carver so
unlike any other and the fact it won't
actually turn now we fall bottle so you
gonna drive it like it is a granddad car
there goes an also granddad card
actually turns and it's American hello
sir
let me join you in actually learnings -
Oh balls I am so sorry this is such a
weird car because if only normally when
you're full throttle you can still turn
properly but now if you change that one
you can
my brain is not working with this cars
today slow down the little bet brake
brake brake brake brake brake brake
brake brake brake brake thank you but a
little bit quicker through this corner
change up a gear there we go so it's a
bit different to drive in the fact of it
well what is this I mean normally when
cars feel different that's a good thing
because they should do but this thing is
just on this steering and melt steering
is really really light itself like that
that was thumb lock for a second there
that was full lock again Matt that's
more understandable when I'm going a
decent pace no it doesn't know that
exists mate long ways that pays awful
understeer Jesus criminy this balances
everywhere mate this is supposed to be
low in its circuit under stay on the
snare under still understand that was
gear 1 gear 2 great Drive yes there you
go you got that one right
let's try hardcore so we should get a
bit more slide meaning we should be able
to take the corners better there we go
so it seems to be a car but you've got a
muster more so in hardcore to actually
get anywhere with it's quite an
interesting way of going about it I
guess it is turning a lot more in this
mode and it's a lot more responsive and
it felt really light and floaty a second
ago and now it feels like it responds to
everything as it should it still feels
all do its response if that makes sense
but I don't know come on
look the
20 Falls first you pleb what you do in
your blab fuck off China driving me
granddad carrier you going the wrong way
your stupid water frickin hell's is
bouncing ok take another corner spin it
no come on Merc take this corner right
carton full throttle it can't full
throttle it can't fun walking I'm
fucking dead just crash me expect oh
bloody hell
and Lola forgot it Glen oh is all the
posh people drive Mercedes are fucking
boob off the road Oh balls
ok I think I figured out why it's acting
weird when you start to turn it too much
it bounces and then it just balances and
you lose one traction and then it's just
like ah fuck it I give off I don't get
it bouncing bouncing bouncing bouncing
please stop bouncing so I can drive to
me compared to every other car in the
game it feels way too floaty and if it
doesn't turn very well unless you're
going very very slow I say that 120
miles an hour isn't very slow for in
racing games especially than arcade
racing game 120 is very fucking slow but
when they usually winter about 2 to
something you know 200 but if you've
driven this car make sure to let me know
your thoughts on it down below and your
thoughts the same does it feel a bit
weird to you or is it your favorite car
no I mean in sport it seems to just
understeer
so if you could control it on this day
you might get somewhere well fucking
bouncing and dying but until next time
guys I will see you want a actually get
back on the road bouncing again in the
next video be sure to hit likely to
enjoy and subscribe if you're new
a racing game content but until next
time guys I'll see y'all soon when I can
actually turn peace
you